[Music]
eight exercises to burn belly fat
without running or dieting it's no
secret that belly fat is one of the
hardest types to get rid of they don't
call it stubborn for nothing
thankfully there are plenty of highly
effective at home exercises that melt
belly fat in no time
exercise number one push-ups you might
assume that push-ups just work your arms
and chest but they also target and
eliminate belly fat which is exactly
what we're looking for
begin the exercise by lying flat on the
ground belly side down now place your
hands on the ground directly below your
shoulders then simply push up off the
floor your body should make a straight
line so don't let those hips dip lower
yourself then push up again let's do 10
reps ready 1 2 3 4
five six
seven eight nine and ten good start
exercise number two burpees
a lot of people dread burpees but they
really are a must if you're looking to
annihilate belly fat that just doesn't
want to go away get into a squat
position with your palms flat on the
ground from here kick your feet back so
that you land in a straight arm plank
bring your feet back to the squat
position stand up and jump towards the
ceiling now that everything's clear
let's try to do 10 wraps one two three
[Music]
to
fine
you're doing great hang in there six
[Music]
seven
eight
nine ten
whew nice job exercise number three
mountain climbers mountain climbing is a
great exercise for your whole body
there's just one little problem you
don't always have a mountain around to
climb thankfully mimicking the process
will also do the trick burning all that
belly fat away start the exercise by
getting into a straight arm plank make
sure your wrists are in line with your
shoulders lift your right foot bend the
knee and bring it up towards your chest
put your right foot back in the starting
position and do the same thing with your
left leg keep switching legs we're gonna
do eight reps for each leg so that makes
16 total ready climb one two three four
five six seven eight
keep it up nine ten eleven twelve
thirteen fourteen fifteen and sixteen
perfect
exercise number four crunches what's a
workout without some crunches this
exercise is a true miracle for removing
excess fat from your abdomen getting you
one step closer to a perfectly toned
belly lie on your back with your knees
bent and your feet flat on the floor
don't forget to place your hands behind
your head
so that your thumbs are behind your ears
now engage your core to lift just your
shoulders and upper back off the ground
hold this pose for a moment before
slowly returning to the starting
position let's do it ten times one two
three four
five
six
seven
eight
9 and 10 you're on fire today keep that
energy up for our next exercise exercise
number 5 sumo squat sumo squats aren't
nearly as intense as they sound and more
importantly they do a lot of good for
your body and that includes burning
belly fat start by standing with your
feet much wider than shoulder width
apart
point your toes out at a 45 degree angle
while keeping your back straight lower
your body down into a squat so that your
knees are bent at a 90 degree angle come
halfway back up and then lower yourself
down again doing 10 sumo squats will be
enough for today's workout so one two
three
four five six
[Music]
seven eight
910 awesome exercise number six sprinter
situps
just like with mountain climbing if
you're not gonna run you can fake it til
you make it
sprinter sit-ups give you pretty much
the same results as actual running
without being so hard on your knees like
the ladder they use your own body weight
to strengthen and sculpt your waistline
lie flat on your back with your arms
down by your sides then simultaneously
lift your right knee up off the floor
use your abs to lift your upper body off
the ground and meet your chest and me in
the middle bring your left arm forward
and your right arm back return to the
initial position and then repeat
everything with the opposite leg so
you'll lift your left knee and bring
your right arm forward continue
switching sides and it'll look like
you're running while lying down let's do
eight reps starting with your left arm
and right knee one now left me to back
to the right one
three switch it again four
five six
7:8 that wasn't too hard now was it
exercise number seven bicycle crunches
bicycle crunches not only get rid of
upper and lower belly fat bill sculpt
your obliques too
you know what that means no more muffin
top start by lying on the ground with
your knees bent and feet flat on the
floor place your hands on the back of
your head with your thumbs behind your
ears now in one continuous move bring
your right leg up lift your upper body
off the floor in a crunch and turn your
torso to the right so that your left
elbow and your right knee meet in the
middle
straighten the right leg back out but
keep it off the ground do the same thing
with your left leg and right elbow it's
a lot of coordination but it gets
smoother and easier to do with practice
let's try 15 reps for each leg making a
total of 30 think you can do it
sure you can one two three four five six
seven eight
keep going nine 10 11 12 13 14 15
halfway there
16 17 18 19 20 just 10 more 21 22 23 24
25 26 27 28 29 and 30
nailed it only one more exercise don't
give up on me now
exercise number eight forearm plank
planking is the best way to finish up
any workout this exercise targets your
entire core and improves your stamina
it's basically a full body workout
within one exercise to do it place your
forearms on the ground while keeping
your elbows below your shoulders
then use your abs to lift your body up
off the ground the only things that
should be touching the floor are your
forearms and toes stay in this position
for the next 30 seconds 3 2 1 go
[Music]
forearm plank is actually the most
common form of the plank exercise since
you're still a beginner 30 seconds is
the optimal plank time for you but as
you start to do this exercise regularly
you'll gradually work your way up to 60
seconds putting you at an intermediate
level of fitness but even after that
your core will be ready for a more
advanced challenge and you'll be able to
plank for 90 seconds or more but your 30
seconds are now up so you're done for
today
be sure to do this training routine at
least two to three times a week to get
the sculpted ABS of your dreams and if
you want even quicker results who
doesn't you may want to take a closer
look at two other fat-burning activities
that are definitely a lot more
interesting than just running that is
swimming and jumping rope I mean just
look at a swimmer's body the results
speak for themselves
plus it's super fun just don't forget to
pay attention to a couple of important
factors here first of all make sure that
the strokes you choose are strenuous
that'll help you burn more calories your
basic swimming exercise plan should
include resistance training kick board
exercises water crunches and some
bicycle abs which is pretty much the
swimming version of bicycle crunches all
these exercises target your belly fat
keeping your abdomen toned and flat as
for jumping rope it increases your
stamina and agility and it's perfect for
targeting any fat on the body the belly
region included but to get the results
you want you have to follow proper
technique the most important thing to
know is that you should lift your feet
only a few inches off the ground without
touching your heels to the floor turning
the jump rope with only your wrists
instead of your whole arm also helps
it's better not to set yourself exact
goals here jump rope every day for as
long as you can as you incorporate it
into your daily or regular body routine
you'll notice that it becomes easier and
easier with time and of course it won't
be long till you see your dream body in
the mirror
do you know any other effective ways to
get rid of belly fat tell us in the
comment section below don't forget to
give this video a like share it with
your friends and click Subscribe always
stay on the bright side of life
[Music]